
MIDAS driver for the Wiener/JTec CC-USB CAMAC-USB interface.

Date: 22-AUG-2007/KO

Note 1: The CC-USB interface comes with a CD which contains manuals,
firmware files, Windows and Linux software. The Wiener/JTec driver
is called "libxxusb". These MIDAS/musbstd drivers were written before
libxxusb bacame available and do not use libxxusb.

This driver implements the MIDAS CAMAC interafce "mcstd.h" using
the MIDAS USB interface musbstd.h.

Note 2: There exist many revisions of CCUSB firmware. Basic CAMAC
access works in all of them, but the "readout list" feature seems
to be only functional with firmware revision 0x402 or older and
with CPLD revisions CC_atmmgr_101406.jed, CC_datamgr_021905.jed,
CC_lammgr_brdcst_041906.jed or older.

To upgrade the main CCUSB firmware, follow instructions from
the CCUSB manual. On Linux, one can use the ccusb_flash
program included with these MIDAS drivers. It is a copy
of ccusb_flash from the Wiener CD, with all the pieces
assembled into one place and with a working Makefile. (I am too
lazy to add the flashing bits to the ccusb.c driver).

To upgrade the CPLD firmware, one needs a Xilinx JTag programmer
cable (we use a "parallel port to JTag" cable provided by Wiener),
and the Xilinx software (on Linux, we use Xilinx91i). For successful
upgrade, follow instructions from Xilinx and Wiener.

Note 3: Before starting to use the CCUSB interface, one should obtain
the latest version of the CCUSB manual and firmware by downloading
the latest version the CCUSB driver CD from the Wiener web
site (registration required)

Note 4: The example CCUSB frontend assumes this hardware configuration:
LeCroy 2249A 12 channel ADC in slot 20, Kinetic Systems 3615 6 channel
scaler in slot 12. NIM trigger input connected to CCUSB input "I1"
firing at 10-100 Hz. Without the external trigger CCUSB will not
generate any data and the frontend will only give "data timeout"
errors. With the trigger, the LED on the scaler should flash at 1 Hz
and the LEDs on the CCUSB should flash at the trigger rate.

Note 5: The CCUSB interface does not reliably power up in some CAMAC
crates (this has something to do with the sequence in which
different voltages start at different times with different CAMAC
power supplies). Some newer CCUSB modules may have this
problem fixed in the hardware and in the CPLD firmware. For modules
exhibiting this problem (i.e. no USB communication after power up),
try to cycle the power several time, or implement the "hardware reset
switch" (ask Wiener).

Note 6: The CCUSB firmware is very fickle and would crash if you look
at it the wrong way. This MIDAS driver tries to avoid all known crashers
and together with the example frontend, can recover from some
of them. Other crashes cannot be recovered from other than by
a hardware reset or power cycle.

//end
